=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

spman - powerful Slackware package manager

=head1 SYNOPSIS

spman command [param[, param ...]]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Spman is a powerful Slackware package manager implemented on Python3
and licensed under the MIT license.

Main futeares:

=over 2

=item -
check packages for upgrade

=item -
download binary package or source code from allowed repositories

=item -
download, build and install packages in the queue from SBo repository

=item -
remove/upgrade packages in the current directory

=item -
view the history of installing/updating/removing packages

=item -
show list all dependencies for package from SBo repository

=item -
view the contents of files included in SlackBuild archive from SBo

=over 4

=item
repository

=back

=item -
search package from each enabled repository and view info

=item -
show complete list of the packages in the repository

=item -
search dependency problems in the system packages using Slackware

=over 4

=item
binary dependency checker (sbbdep) tool or ldd

=back

=item -
search for links to nonexistent files/dir in the specified directory

=item -
check health installed packages

=item -
search for *.new config files on the system

=item -
commands autocompletion

=back

Supported repositories:

=over

=item Slackware

http://ftp.osuosl.org/.2/slackware/

=item SlackBuilds.org

http://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds/

=item Alien Bob

http://bear.alienbase.nl/mirrors/people/alien/sbrepos/

=item Multilib

http://bear.alienbase.nl/mirrors/people/alien/multilib/

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item -h, --help

Print help message and exit

=item -v, --check-version

Check program version for update

=back


=begin
.SS -l, --repolist
\fbPrint a list of all the repositories allowed in /etc/spman/repo-list
 Disconnected repositories are highlighted in red.
.SS -r, --repoinfo
\fbShow information about all active repositories (name, URL, last update,
 total packages, compressed packages size, uncompressed packages size)
.SS -b, --blacklist
\fbShow blacklisted packages in /etc/spman/blacklist
.SS -u, --update
\fbUpdate local data for all repositories specified in /etc/spman/spman.conf
  By default:
    /var/lib/spman/repository_name  - PACKAGES.TXT or SLACKBUILDS.TXT
    /var/log/spman/repository_name  - ChangeLog.txt

\fbNOTE:
\fbYou must run this command immediately after installing spman and
 configuring /etc/spman/spman.conf
.SS -t, --health
\fbCheck health installed packages. Displayed detailed information about
 installed packages: total packages, number of broken packages,
 number of checked files, number of missing files, total health (%)
.SS -w, --new-config
\fbSearch for *.new config files on the system.
.SS -g, --check-upgrade
\fbCheck all installed packages for upgrade.
.SS -d, --download --pkg|--src reponame pkg1[ pkg2...]
\fbDownload binary package(s) or source code from specified repository
  Note: for reposytory 'multilib' only --pkg
        for reposytory 'sbo' only --src

\fbExamples:
    Download flashplayer-plugin package from alienbob repository:
      ~# spman --download --pkg alienbob flashplayer-plugin
    Download emacs and kdelibs source code with SlackBuild script
    from standard Slackware repository:
      ~# spman --download --src slack emacs kdelibs
.SS -m, --upgrade-pkgs [--only-new]
\fbUpgrade packages in the current directory.
    --only-new              - install only new packages
.SS -e, --remove-pkgs
\fbRemove packages in the current directory.
.SS -q, --queue --add pkglist|--remove pkglist|--clear|--show|--install
\fbDownload, build and install package(s) in the queue from SlackBuilds.org
  Note: pkglist - list of names of packages
    --add pkglist           - add package(s) to the queue
    --remove pkglist        - remove package(s) from the queue
    --clear                 - clear queue
    --show                  - print queue
    --install               - download, build and install package(s)
.SS  -y, --history [--update]
\fbView the history of installing/updating/removing packages
  --update      - update the package database (reset history)
.SS -p, --find-deps pkgname
\fbShow list all dependencies for package from 'sbo' repository.
 Installed packages are highlighted in green.
.SS -s, --view-slackbuild pkgname
\fbView the contents of files included in SlackBuild archive using pager
 (README, doinst.sh, patches, slack-desc, pkgname.SlackBuild,
  pkgname.info, etc.)
.SS -f, --find-pkg [--strict] pkgname
\fbSearch package from each enabled repository and view info
 (case-insensitive)
    --strict    - strict match by package name
.SS -i, --pkglist reponame [--only-installed]
\fbShow complete list of the packages on repository. Installed packages are
 highlighted in green.
    --only-installed    - output only installed packages
.SS -k, --check-deps --sbbdep|--ldd
\fbSearch dependency problems in the system packages.
    --sbbdep       - using 'sbbdep' tool
    --ldd          - using 'ldd' tool
.SS -a, --bad-links /path/to/dir
\fbSearch for links to nonexistent files/dir in the specified directory.
